Patch 10 (#102)
djangocon/2019.djangocon.eu: hugo_site/content/copenhagen.md

To move around the capital - a quite small one -, we highly recommend you to rent a [bike](https://2019.djangocon.eu/bikes/). It is the most efficient and enviroment-friendly way to get to know things around here. Should you decide to use the public transport, that is not a problem! Below we have compiled the most important things you need to know about the public transport infrastructure.

## Transportation

Denmark has a very functional and well-connected public transport. As many other cities in Europe, Copenhagen is divided into [zones](https://dinoffentligetransport.dk/trafikinformation/trafikkort/zonekort/) and you pay as you move along these. Trains, buses and the metro all use the same ticket, so if you buy a ticket from Point A to Point B, you may mix differnt kinds of transportation veichles.

> Taxis (aka Taxa) in Denmark are quite expensive. A trip from the Kastrup / Copenhagen Airport to the city center will likely cost you around 400 Danish crowns (~60 USD) for a 10 KM trip. More information can be found [here](https://www.visitdenmark.com/denmark/transportation/taxis).

Reviewer: Great to mention here that the metro is connected to the airport and to suggest that people use this instead?

Author: Maybe we should mention it in the Venue page. I didn't want to put this information, but IF someone would like to use Taxis, then there is something to read about here.

Reviewer: Sounds good, we can probably add a separate "Getting here" section about ride-sharing/buses/trains/plains/airport.

As you might know, Denmark's official currency is the Danish crown (Danske Kroner, a.k.a `DKK`). Some shops might accept Euro in cash as payment, but this is not a rule. 

> One nice convenience is the fact that most establishments in Denmark (hotels, bars, restaurants, shops) will accept payment with Credit cards (VISA and MasterCard). As a matter of fact, shops are allowed not to accept cash should they judge convinient, however in most touristic places this is not a common practice. So should you want practicity, just use your credit cards instead of cash. This way you will avoid having to carry cash around and exchange it all the time.

Reviewer: I have to say that this is a bit biased :) I know that a lot of people like credit cards, but I prefer cash for most things. The law still states that you need an actual exception to reject cash.

```suggestion
Most establishments in Denmark (hotels, bars, restaurants, shops) accept payment with credit cards (VISA and MasterCard). There are even places that reject cash (however such practice isn't allowed in established places). Many people will find it more practical to use credit cards instead of cash, but the Danish Kroner still retain their charm and usefulness.
```

Author: I had read [somewhere](https://www.fm.dk/temaer/vaekst-2015/delvis-afskaffelse-af-kontantreglen) that the government was working to remove the obligation to pay with cash in some establishments. Since this is only a forslag, I don't know if this actually came into pratice. 

I'll update that part.

Another interesting thing about the currency in Denmark is how prices are displayed. As you walk around, you will notice prices written as: `53,-` this means 53 Danish crowns.

### Places to visit 

You can check out most of attractions and events in Copenhagen at [Visit Denmark](https://www.visitdenmark.co.uk/en-gb/).

### The language

> In Denmark, [Danish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danish_language) is spoken - a language similar to German, Swedish and Norwegian, but the great majority of danes also speak fluent English. Should you feel like twisting your tongue a bit, here are the most common danish phrases you can use during your stay in the city:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Denmark, [Danish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danish_language) is spoken - a language similar to German, Swedish and Norwegian, but the great majority of Danes also speak fluent English. Should you feel like twisting your tongue a bit, here are the most common Danish phrases you can use during your stay in the city:
```
